Improve @auto_docstring doc and rename `args_doc.py` to `auto_docstring.py` (#39439)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/auto_docstring.md

    def __init__(self, config: ConfigType, custom_parameter: "type" = "default_value", internal_helper_arg=None):
        r"""
        custom_parameter (`type`, *optional*, defaults to `default_value`):
            A concise description for custom_parameter if not defined or overriding the description in `auto_docstring.py`.
        internal_helper_arg (`type`, *optional*, defaults to `default_value`):
            A concise description for internal_helper_arg if not defined or overriding the description in `auto_docstring.py`.
        """
        # ...
```

> You should also use the `@auto_docstring` decorator for custom `ModelOutput` classes (dataclasses that inherit from `ModelOutput`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also use the `@auto_docstring` decorator for classes that inherit from [`~utils.ModelOutput`].
```
